---
published: true
title: "Week 4: season over! Or has it just begun?"
layout: post
date: 2017-10-04T00:00:00.000Z
categories: league-news recap
---

A dramatic week in the NFL in terms of injuries and shock results was matched by equal UKD drama, mostly caused by the debut of [Phil's Weekly Awards](/league-news/awards/2017/10/03/weekly-awards-week-4.html) and the Pythons' "accept trade" button.

As far as matchups went, this wasn't a weekend for shocks. All of the 3-0 teams are now 4-0 (Eagles in the South, Flyers and Otters in the North), and the Packers and Bandits remain winless at the bottom of their respective divisions. The Flyers and Otters do battle in week 5, so the streak will end for one of the Northern powerhouses. The Eagles face the 2-2 Chargers.

### Pythons trade Pythons for other things

Oxford Pythons owner Olly embarked on a series of trades over the weekend that completely turned his roster upside down and inside out. Between Friday and Wednesday, the Pythons traded away Deandre Hopkins, Dalvin Cook (post-injury), Chris Carson (pre-injury), Alvin Kamara, Trevor Siemien, Devin Funchess, Jordan Reed (pre-injury, probably) and 2 x 2019 2nds to the Seahawks, Flyers, Eagles and Packers. In return, they received Jordan Howard, TY Hilton, Martellus Bennett, Taywan Taylor, Carlos Hyde and 2 x 2018 1sts.

The Pythons have been the most active traders in UK Dynasty history, by far. With 81 trades taking place in the 17-month history of UKD, the Pythons have played a part in a near-half 36 of them.

Another bumper trade saw the Spartans trade away Zeke Elliott - the 2nd time this year that Zeke has changed hands - to the Irish Flyers. The Spartans sent Zeke, Golden Tate and their 2018 3rd round pick to the Flyers in return for Michael Crabtree, Jay Ajayi, John Ross, and 3 2nd round picks, two of them for 2018 and the other in 2019.

You could never call the UKD trade-barren.

### UK Dynasty interviews Gateshead Spartans owner Chris

We got the chance to sit down with the owner of the 2016 Britannia Bowl champions, Chris, to find out how he feels his team can bounce back from a 1-3 start.

*"Every single MOTHERFUCKING DECISION I MAKE IN FANTASY FOOTBALL THIS SEASON GOES TO SHIT"*, Chris said, pounding his head repeatedly into the wall of a local Gateshead bar. *"I HAVE 1 PLAYER FROM THE ROOKIE DRSFT ACTUALLY PLAYING BUT HE'S DOING FUCK ALL BECAUSE OF IT HAVING TO BE THE CAM SHOW. EVERY TRADE I MAKE BACKFIRES ON ME ONE WAY OR ANOTHER AND MY PLAYERS JUST DON'T DO SHIT. TELL ME WHAT MORE I CAN FUCKING DO"*.

*"Why didn't we let butler go?"* asked Chris, as our interviewer slowly backed away into a side room on the advice of the health and safety officer. *"Why did we sign gillmore, they do fuck all, why didn't we get some better LB and WHY THE FUCK DID WE RELEASE EALY AFTER TRADING A 2ND FOR HIM?"*

*"GET THE FUCK BACK ON THE FIELD BECKHAM, SHEPHERD GETS YOUR FUCKING TARGETS WHEN YOU'RE NOT THERE."*

Chris' eyes briefly became less bloodshot as he took a sip of cold cider. *"I've had a hotdog and a pasty to eat today and all this fantasy football shit is coming after the worst game of football I've watched in my life"* he explained. *"PALMER YOU OLD BASTARD LEARN HOW TO BE A QB, FUCK'S SAKE. FUCK THIS SHIT I'M OUT."*

### Statistical tidbits

* The Bradford Championz won their first game since week 10 of 2016
* 4 out of 6 teams in the South are 2-2
* The Bandits have lost 9 matchups in a row - they last won in week 8 of 2016. They've not been lucky, though. Although they're 0-4, they're the 5th highest scorers in the league
* The Eagles' only loss since week 6 of 2016 was the Britannia Bowl - they've won 12 regular season matchups on the bounce

The [History](/history) page is - somewhat confusingly - always up-to-date with records from the current season.